README.md, before:

## Collection of ChilloutVR MelonLoader Mods


### LoginProfiles
This mod allows to use an argument when starting ChilloutVR in order to select a login profile. This enables
swapping accounts without requiring to enter the credentials (if logged in on that profile previously). This is useful for me to deploy two clients on two different
accounts to test avatars and worlds synchronization stuff.

The syntax for the argument is `--profile=profile_id`. Where `profile_id` is whatever name you want the profile to be called.
It doesn't need to be the same as the username.

By default the game saves the credentials in the file `\ChilloutVR\ChilloutVR_Data\autologin.profile`. This mod modifies
the path to `\ChilloutVR\ChilloutVR_Data\autologin-profile_id.profile`.

**Note**: You will need to enter your credentials when using a profile for the first time, and from there on when using
that profile, it will re-use the profile credentials. To clear a profile you can either delete the corresponding `autologin-profile_id.profile` file,
or start the game with the profile you want to clear, and then use the in-game menu to logout (this also deletes the file).

#### Example using via steam:
![login_profile_example.png](login_profile_example.png)

#### Example using a bat file:
Create a `random_name_123.bat` file next to where `ChilloutVR.exe` file is, with the following contents:
```bat
ChilloutVR.exe --profile=kafeijao
```
Then all you need is double click that file and should open ChilloutVR with the respective profile.

## Misc

> ___
> ### ⚠️ **Notice!**
>
> This mod's developer(s) and the mod itself, along with the respective mod loaders, have no affiliation with ABI!
> ___

Commit message:

Updated README.md with PickupOverrides info.

README.md, after:

## Collection of ChilloutVR MelonLoader Mods


### LoginProfiles
This mod allows to use an argument when starting ChilloutVR in order to select a login profile. This enables
swapping accounts without requiring to enter the credentials (if logged in on that profile previously). This is useful for me to deploy two clients on two different
accounts to test avatars and worlds synchronization stuff.

The syntax for the argument is `--profile=profile_id`. Where `profile_id` is whatever name you want the profile to be called.
It doesn't need to be the same as the username.

By default the game saves the credentials in the file `\ChilloutVR\ChilloutVR_Data\autologin.profile`. This mod modifies
the path to `\ChilloutVR\ChilloutVR_Data\autologin-profile_id.profile`.

**Note**: You will need to enter your credentials when using a profile for the first time, and from there on when using
that profile, it will re-use the profile credentials. To clear a profile you can either delete the corresponding `autologin-profile_id.profile` file,
or start the game with the profile you want to clear, and then use the in-game menu to logout (this also deletes the file).

#### Example using via steam:
![login_profile_example.png](login_profile_example.png)

#### Example using a bat file:
Create a `random_name_123.bat` file next to where `ChilloutVR.exe` file is, with the following contents:
```bat
ChilloutVR.exe --profile=kafeijao
```
Then all you need is double click that file and should open ChilloutVR with the respective profile.

### PickupOverrides
This mod allows to override certain pickup settings. Currently it only supports overriding the Auto-Hold settings.

With Auto-Hold set to `true` all pickups will stick to your hand once you grab them. To release you need to:
 - Press `G` on your keyboard (if playing in desktop)
 - Hold the `grip` while pulling the `thumbstick down` on your **right** controller (if playing in VR).

If the Auto-Hold is set to `false` the pickup will be released as soon as you stop holding it.

Currently the only way to change whether you want Auto-Hold or not is through Melon Config. The config is located at
`<game_folder>\UserData\MelonPreferences.cfg`. You can edit the config while the game and it will take effect as soon
as you save the config file.

## Disclosure

> ___
> ### ⚠️ **Notice!**
>
> This mod's developer(s) and the mod itself, along with the respective mod loaders, have no affiliation with ABI!
> ___
