MenuCSSLoader/README.md, before:

# MenuCSSLoader

[![Download Latest MenuCSSLoader.dll](../.Resources/DownloadButtonEnabled.svg "Download Latest MenuCSSLoader.dll")](https://github.com/kafeijao/Kafe_CVR_Mods/releases/latest/download/MenuCSSLoader.dll)

Allows loading CSS files into the MainMenu or QuickMenu with theme selection.

To load CSS files simply place them on the following folders:

- `ChilloutVR\UserData\MenuCSSLoader\Default\MainMenu\`
- `ChilloutVR\UserData\MenuCSSLoader\Default\QuickMenu\`

Theme Repositories:

- https://github.com/jll123567/MenuCSSLoader-Themes/releases/latest

To create a theme:

- Create a folder in `ChilloutVR\UserData\MenuCSSLoader\` with your theme name.
- Put CSS files for the main menu in `<theme-name>\MainMenu`
- Put CSS files for the quick menu in `<theme-name>\QuickMenu`

### Notes

- You can add as many files as you want
- If you edit the files, close the menus and press F5, the new css will be loaded
- You can press `Shift + F5` to reload the list of files (__only needed__ if you add/remove files or change themes)
- The default theme "Default" is automatically created
- You can select themes in the BTKUI Misc Menu

### Credits

Thanks to @jll123567 for both the idea and Themes feature implementation

Commit message:

[MenuCSSLoader] - Added support for the Keyboard view, so you can load CSS specifically for the new keyboard

MenuCSSLoader/README.md, after:

# MenuCSSLoader

[![Download Latest MenuCSSLoader.dll](../.Resources/DownloadButtonEnabled.svg "Download Latest MenuCSSLoader.dll")](https://github.com/kafeijao/Kafe_CVR_Mods/releases/latest/download/MenuCSSLoader.dll)

Allows loading CSS files into the MainMenu or QuickMenu with theme selection.

To load CSS files simply place them on the following folders:

- `ChilloutVR\UserData\MenuCSSLoader\Default\MainMenu\`
- `ChilloutVR\UserData\MenuCSSLoader\Default\QuickMenu\`
- `ChilloutVR\UserData\MenuCSSLoader\Default\Keyboard\`

Theme Repositories:

- https://github.com/jll123567/MenuCSSLoader-Themes/releases/latest

To create a theme:

- Create a folder in `ChilloutVR\UserData\MenuCSSLoader\` with your theme name.
- Put CSS files for the main menu in `<theme-name>\MainMenu`
- Put CSS files for the quick menu in `<theme-name>\QuickMenu`
- Put CSS files for the keyboard view in `<theme-name>\Keyboard`

### Notes

- You can add as many files as you want
- If you edit the files, close the menus and press `F5`, the new css will be loaded
- You can press `Shift` + `F5` to reload the list of files (__only needed__ if you add/remove files or change themes)
- The default theme "Default" is automatically created
- You can select themes in the BTKUI Misc Menu

### Credits

Thanks to @jll123567 for both the idea and Themes feature implementation
