Logger++/README.md, before:

# Logger++

[![Download Latest Logger++.dll](../.Resources/DownloadButtonEnabled.svg "Download Latest Logger++.dll")](https://github.com/kafeijao/Kafe_CVR_Mods/releases/latest/download/Logger++.dll)

**Note:** This is a **__plugin__**, it goes in the `/Plugins` folder, not the ~~`/Mods`~~ one!

This **Plugin** allows you to pick some extra logs to be forwarded to the melon console. No more error messages will be
lost in the player log!

## Features
- Bring logging from the game logs to the Melon Console.
- Rate limit for repeated messages when spamming (the same message will only display every `5 seconds` maximum).
- Configurable Message Filtering! You can pick which messages you want to `Show` in the Melon Prefs.
  - Stack Traces: *on by default*
  - Unknown messages
    - Info: *on by default*
    - Warning: *on by default*
    - Error: *on by default*
  - CVR Game messages
    - Info: *off by default*
    - Warning: *off by default*
    - Error: *on by default*
  - Cohtml messages
    - Info: *off by default*
    - Warning: *off by default*
    - Error: *off by default*
  - Missing Script messages: *off by default*
  - AvPro messages: *off by default*
  - Known SPAM-y messages: *off by default*
  - Known pointless messages: *off by default*

---

## Disclosure

> ---
> ⚠️ **Notice!**
>
> This plugin's developer(s) and the plugin itself, along with the respective plugin loaders, have no affiliation with
> ABI!
>
> ---

Commit message:

[Logger++] Added enabling full stack traces for logs.

Logger++/README.md, after:

# Logger++

[![Download Latest Logger++.dll](../.Resources/DownloadButtonEnabled.svg "Download Latest Logger++.dll")](https://github.com/kafeijao/Kafe_CVR_Mods/releases/latest/download/Logger++.dll)

**Note:** This is a **__plugin__**, it goes in the `/Plugins` folder, not the ~~`/Mods`~~ one!

This **Plugin** allows you to pick some extra logs to be forwarded to the melon console. No more error messages will be
lost in the player log! Note that some of these logs might miss some information, like the IL offset so check the trace
on the `Player.log` if you need that information.

## Features
- Bring logging from the game logs to the Melon Console.
- Rate limit for repeated messages when spamming (the same message will only display every `5 seconds` maximum).
- Configurable Message Filtering! You can pick which messages you want to `Show` in the Melon Prefs.
  - Stack Traces: *on by default*
  - Unknown messages
    - Info: *on by default*
    - Warning: *on by default*
    - Error: *on by default*
  - CVR Game messages
    - Info: *off by default*
    - Warning: *off by default*
    - Error: *on by default*
  - Cohtml messages
    - Info: *off by default*
    - Warning: *off by default*
    - Error: *off by default*
  - Missing Script messages: *off by default*
  - AvPro messages: *off by default*
  - Known SPAM-y messages: *off by default*
  - Known pointless messages: *off by default*
- Enable full logs with full stack trace for all types of message (info/warnings/errors) in Melon Prefs.

---

## Disclosure

> ---
> ⚠️ **Notice!**
>
> This plugin's developer(s) and the plugin itself, along with the respective plugin loaders, have no affiliation with
> ABI!
>
> ---
